Career developed in Information Technology with extensive experience in managing software development, infrastructure, projects, people and software quality areas, following the good practices of the MPS-BR, CMMI and ITIL models.
Hands-on profile, facilitator and conciliator between areas, over 15 years leading development teams (over 40 people), great communication skills with
"c-levels" and experienced over 20 years in multinational and national companies.
In charge of general strategy in technology, I have deep knowledge of business management, finance, Capex and Opex for IT projects and ROI studies, strategies development, business definition and plans and budget monitoring, software solutions and development of systems and applications plans and delivery (web, desktop and mobile).
Always looking for technological challenges I am in charge of monitoring results and performance, identifying risks and deviations and proposing measures for corrections, aiming to contribute to the decision-making process and compliance with established goals, control and review of KPIs and OKRs, building business plans, managing contracts and human resources (feedbacks, 1:1, PDI), team engagement, definition and monitoring of individual and team goals, quality management, application lifecycle management (ALM), software development process and business processes.
Graduated in Legal and Social Sciences with an MBA in Systems Engineering, Project and Systems Management, Software Engineering and Test Engineering specializations. I am a Scrum Master certified (PSM I) and have two Microsoft certifications (MCP and MCTS).
Solid knowledge: .Net framework (C# and Vb.Net), React, Node.js, Python, JavaScript and TypeScript, Angular, SQL database (MS SQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB), version control with TFS, Jira , Git (GitHub, GitLab and BitBucket), AWS and cloud architecture, webservices, microservices, APIs (restful) and Web APIs, containerization (docker) and messaging (RabbitMQ), and infrastructure.
Knowledge, customization and use of: Totvs Protheus ERP.
